This directory has data from attempts to try to measure the amount of time
it takes for changes to the various source parameters to settle through
the system.  The files ??_change????.py were used to take the measurements.
For example 02_change_balzer.py changed the oxygen balzer and watched to see
how long it took for the changes to settle.  The numbers at the start are
historic and don't have any meaning here.

For all data sets the system was watched for ~20 seconds (50 system state
measurements and 0.37 s gap after each measurement) before the change was 
made.  The change was then made and the system was watched for 750 more 
state measurements with 0.37 s gap between each (ensures slower than PLC 
refresh rate so no duplicate measurements).  All the state data was written to
files with names of the changed parameter followed by "_???" where ??? is
a timestamp.  For all changed parameters EXCEPT the superconducting
coils, measurements are taken immediately after the change request 
was made.  For all these parameters the time to change is less than 
a few seconds (this can be seen in the data), so it isn't important
for the measurement of how long the system takes to settle.

For the coils, however, the change time can be pretty long (~minute
time scales in some instances).  For this reason the measurments for the
coils were done slightly differently.  Again 50 measurements are taken 
before the change request, then measurements are taken (with the same
0.37 s gap after each) while the coils are changing, then 750 measurements
are taken after the change has finished to watch the plasma settle.
To indicate when this happens, a final column is added to the state data 
file for the coils.  This final column is zero for the cases when the 
coil change hasn't yet finished, and then is one after.  I realize in writing
this now that this was not necessary as the last 750 points are after the
change.

NOTE: no-plasma drain current was high here too...~0.7-0.75 mA

DST
Tue 17 Jan 2023 08:32:44 AM PST
